Garrett Rose <garose@utk.edu> 
FW: EI Review ECE 351 
To: mthomaso <mthomaso@tennessee.edu>, "Plank, James S" <jplank@utk.edu> 
Cc: "Tolbert, Leon M" <tolbert@utk.edu>, "McFarlane, Nicole" <mcf@utk.edu>, "Liu, Jian" <jliu@utk.edu>, "Ruoti, Scott Isaac" <ruoti@utk.edu>

All,

We received a response from the VolCore subcommittee on EI regarding our application for ECE 351/357.

The first application was rejected. I’ve revised this in the attached Word DOCS. Mostly, there is a lot more detail in the syllabus describing project requirements, including student plans for collaboration. I tried to also clean up what I wrote about feedback regarding collaboration in the application.

Honestly, this response feels really picky, but I guess thats expected. Hopefully, the revision addresses their concerns. If anyone sees opportunity for improvement, please let me know.

I plan to pull together the resubmission soon. I wish we had done all this for 351 sooner. Probably won’t make it in time to clean up the CPE catalog description for 2021/22.

Best,
Garrett
 
--
Garrett S. Rose, Ph.D.
Professor
Min H. Kao Department of EECS
The University of Tennessee
319 Min H. Kao Building
Knoxville, TN 37996-2250 USA
Phone: (865) 974-3132
 
From: Davis, Marleen Kay (MKDavis)
Sent: Saturday, October 30, 2021 5:42 PM
To: Rose, Garrett Steven; General Education Committee
Subject: EI Review ECE 351
 
Dear Professor Rose,
 
On October 27, 2021, the Engaged Inquiries Subcommittee reviewed your course, ECE 351, Digital Systems Design for designation as an EI / Engaged Inquiries course in the VolCore curriculum.
 
While this course is an ideal type of EI learning experience, we feel that your application itself was not clear in demonstrating how your course meets the standards for Engaged Inquiries and the Student Learning Outcomes. We’d like to ask you to RESUBMIT  both your application and course syllabus, with the following considerations.
 
One major requirement for an EI course is that “ students will produce significant investigative, creative, or practical work(s) relevant to the course topic, that  will account for a minimum of 35% of the course grade.   At different places in the proposal or syllabus, you refer to  “a project” “ final group projects” and “final report.”  Thus, the exact nature of the This required major work was not clear to us. In some cases, it might help to list the title of the major work, along with its subcomponents in a clear way.
 
Applied learning is clearly taking place, as is collaborative learning.
 
Although you ask students to be “cognizant of team work”, we would like to ask you to revise and improve the feedback you are providing to the students about the nature of their contribution in collaboration.
 
The attached “advice” could perhaps help you.
 
 
To submit a revision in the Fall of 2021, or later: Save the revised application form, the revised syllabus and a sample of at least one significant assignment as a single PDF file.
Label your PDF file by the course name, category, and date (e.g. engl333EI,08/04/2021).
 
The PDF should be uploaded using this link - http://tiny.utk.edu/VolCoreProposalDrop AND emailed to gened@utk.edu
 
With very best wishes,
Marleen Kay Davis, chair, Bonnie Ownley, and Kelley Strohacker
 
 
:::::  :  :::::  :  :::::  :  :::::  :  :::::  :  :::::  :  :::::

Marleen Kay Davis, FAIA
ACSA Distinguished Professor 
University of Tennessee
College of Architecture and Design

865.851 3911
:::::  :  :::::  :  :::::  :  :::::  :  :::::  :  :::::  :  :::::
 

